hello youtubers this is survivalcraft
here this is my first video it's nothing
special I just wanted to show you guys a
new way of forcing a patina on your
blade now I've been doing this for quite
a while and generally I use something
like vinegar mustard just just something
basic but recently while I was heating
dinner I actually looked down and
noticed that the number one ingredient
in the horseradish sauce I was using was
vinegar so I was like yeah you know I
tried mustard tried my own concoctions
I'm just gonna smear some of this
horseradish sauce and a blade and see
what happens
well it actually turned out really well
and so here's here's a first look and
I'll tell you how I did it
but I hope you can see this it's got a
bit of a tiger striping and then around
the edge there's a great deal of I don't
know it's just a dark edge i I think it
actually looks really good if you can
see that I also tried it on send larger
knives I I got this one to just show you
what it originally looked like it has a
little bit of discoloring but then on
the other side and I think this is
wicked awesome there you go isn't that
so cool well okay so how I did it all
right I went and I went and bought very
chunky horseradish sauce now if it takes
chunky horseradish sauce you can't use
the smooth stuff for some reason it just
doesn't work as well so get the chunky
stuff take it and just smear it really
thick all over the blade stopping where
you want this wavy edge
all the way up try to keep it off the
blade you won't you've won a the actual
cutting surface but just all the way up
and let it sit there for about 40
minutes now during that 40 minutes what
it's going to do is it's not gonna
change the color of any of this but it's
good create that really dark solid line
all the way down it gives it that that
bit of crispness crispness not Christmas
and that then what you do is you after
that 40 minutes you wipe it off in
streaks just barely get all the big
chunks off leaving a few chunks here and
there and you you want to streak that
off with something like a q-tip or a
cotton ball the finer the instrument the
more the tighter your lines will be so I
I prefer a q-tip tried it several times
on different knives and that seems to be
the best and then you want to let that
sit for really however long you want I
let this sit for another 40 minutes and
it turned out like this but just so you
know when we look darker then it
actually is when you wash everything off
so if you want it really dark make sure
it looks really dark before you wash it
off and then I just took it into the
kitchen ran it under hot water and wiped
it off with a very soft sponge and so
and this was the product so I went from
this to this in roughly two hours and
it's great I mean not only is it
aesthetically appealing appealing but it
will it will protect the blade and
that's really what I wanted I wanted
something that I didn't have to worry
about oiling all the time although I do
keep it oiled but something that I could
let
let's sit a bit especially when I'm
outdoors so well that's the video other
than that I also did this one really
nice looking love the thing and first my
well besides a kukri my favourite off
nails I guess they're higher higher in
carbon they just it just looks amazing
and it looks even better in real life
trust me I've got a try it well thanks
guys this is my first video hopefully
there'll be more to come
next all well sometime soon I'll be
reviewing this Cooper e so stay tuned
have fun